Grandpa, grandpa recorded the gun
Come back after eating
Make no mistake.
Grandpa, please don't talk for now. Your health is important.
Come back and stop doing the same activities.
Forget it, stop it.
Other people's reasoning that makes it better for the wolf family to make military uniforms on the mutton layer.
Today is not for you. It is a hometown where you can be put away gently.
How long do you want to do that?
Activity. Because I am just a platoon member of the Imperial Palace,
Target, treat you as a double comparison.
Now I rely on leaving my worthlessness,
Draw a double line into a sinful face. This is where you know you are wrong.
You've also apologized
Grandma and daughter, have you come to invite your mother to come with you?
She won't come either
She won't come, she won't come, she won't come
Don't step on it again. It's disrespectful to men.
I'm so unbearable
Just follow the player's business